fix: Add documentation for Publish and PublishWIthTopic (#1175)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/application/ApplicationServiceAPI.md

    RequestTimeout() time.Duration
	RegisterCustomTriggerFactory(name string, factory func(TriggerConfig) (Trigger, error)) error
    RegisterCustomStoreFactory(name string, factory func(cfg DatabaseInfo, cred config.Credentials) (StoreClient, error)) error
    Publish(data any) error

> 	PublishWithTopic(topic string, data any) error

Reviewer: Same indent issue

myTags := map[string]string{"Tag1":"Value1"}
app.service.MetricsManager().Register(myCounterMetricName, myCounter, myTags)	
```

### Publish

`Publish(data any) error`

> This API pushes data to the Messagebus using configured topic and returns an error if the Messagebus is diabled in configuration

Reviewer: Messagebus needs to always be MessageBus 
```suggestion
This API pushes data to the EdgeX MessageBus using configured topic and returns an error if the EdgeX MessageBus is disabled in configuration
```

### PublishWithTopic

`PublishWithTopic(topic string, data any) error`

> This API pushes data to the Messagebus using a given topic and returns an error if the Messagebus is diabled in configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API pushes data to the EdgeX MessageBus using a given topic and returns an error if the EdgeX MessageBus is disabled in configuration
```
